>> Kyle Simpson: The onActivate is
potentially, well actually, definitely in
our case, it's gonna do some work, and
it's gonna do some asynchronous work.
And there is a concept you need to be
aware of with service workers that when
they get into these phases, if you are not
careful you may have some stuff that's
happening when the browser decides, you
know what, I'm gonna shut this thing down.
So there's a way for
you to tell the browser,
I'm still doing stuff, don't shut down.
It's not a guarantee, but
it's a really strong request
to the browser, I'm still doing important
stuff, please don't shut me down.
And the way you do that is a method that's
been added to these special event objects.
It's called waitUntil, so you're telling
the browser wait until something.
And the thing that you're
gonna pass to it is a promise.
So I'm gonna make another
function called handleActivation,
which is gonna do a bunch of work,
and this is
theoretically then gonna tell the browser,
even if that work is still happening when
you would normally shut down the service
worker please let that work keep going.
So how this might play out might be that a
user bounces onto your site, and then you
start downloading a bunch of content
into their cache, and then they leave.
Do you want for
the cache to be partially filled?
Probably not.
You can gracefully handle that and we're
gonna be dealing with strategies where
the cache, we're checking each item
to see if it's in the cache, but
you probably don't want things
in an inconsistent state.
So here you're basically saying,
don't shut my service worker down until
I'm done loading up all my cache stuff.
In which case it might run for
another minute or
two in the background while it's
getting all that information.
It's not a guarantee because if you're
going way too long, eventually the browser
's probably is going to say
>> [SOUND]
>> Kyle Simpson: You're dead, but
It's gonna allow it to stay open
longer than it might otherwise.
Okay.
So what's that handleActivation
function gonna look like?